Cypress:
I've had major issues with cypress. I've spent countless hours trying install and
run it, with no success. I've googled everything I could think of, messaged groups 
and teachers and made forum posts, and ran every command I came across in the end. 
I've started the project over multiple times, tried adding it to other projects,
updated npm and vscode, checked for version mismatches.. I do not know what the
issue is.

It started with missing Xvfb. After some struggle, I found a command which worked
for the download. However, it didn't install all of it (or at least that's what it
seemed like to me). After some research, I found a thread which told which commands 
run for each error. So for every download of those missing parts, I got a new one, 
until I had downloaded all of them. If my issues ended here I'd be fine with it, but 
they didn't.

I now get this error: "ERROR:gpu_memory_buffer_support_x11.cc(44)] dri3 extension 
not supported". I can only guess what this error even means with my current knowledge.
I've googled the entire error as well as individual parts of it, but I have to admit
I was running low on patience after probably fiftheen hours of trying to run a single 
command. I can't find much about xvfb in the lessons, let alone this weird error.

In other projects I also get this error now: "ERROR:backend_impl.cc(2020)] Invalid 
file version or magic". I'm not even going to try googling that.

So I went on to download the desktop app. I got the files and unzipped them, which 
took ages btw so don't do it, but I still can't actually open Cypress. At this point
I feel like there is nothing more to try, and being stressed out no longer server a 
purpose. If there is a right time to give up it's about now.


Husky pre-commit:
I've had issues with Husky pre-commit file. I made a forum post about this as well, 
with no success. Feel free to look at it here: https://discord.com/channels/371937833252028426/1067516198922748046
At this point I'll commit it through GitHub desktop if I can't find a quick solution 
(which seems unlikely).


info:
I've spent more time on this CA than any previous CA. Yet I've done less than in all 
of the other ones. Without Cypress and Husky, half of the assignment is impossible 
to complete. I wish i could have spent my time focusing on writing tests instead. At 
least I'm starting to remember commands, after running them this many times.

I don't want to complain, but I do feel I should have gotten a little more teacher 
response than what I received. Messaging one teacher should be sufficient, let alone 
two. There's also two forum posts I made which got no teacher response. I don't want
to send the same question to multiple teachers, as I'm sure you have enough other
people to help, and I'd take up twice the time.

I'm going to have to get this sorted out before I get my resit task for this course.
If a teacher is able to help me with that I would really appreciate it. I already need
to do a resit for JS2, and was really focused on passing this one. I'm quite sad about
failing two courses in a row, but I don't know how I could have avoided it with my 
current issues.

I will commit what I have and protect branches, just for the purpose of learning.